It is important to have visibility into your cloud resources and applications.
Being able to answer questions like,
how is the server performing?
What is the current load on the server?
What is the root cause of an application error that a user is seeing?
What is the path that leads to this error?
Being able to answer these questions is imperative to providing good user experiences.
However, monitoring distributed systems that run in the cloud can be difficult.
For applications that run in the Cloud,
you will need access to logging and auditing services to
help you proactively monitor your resources and applications.